well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about red flag gun seizures seems timely
consider we just had somebody get killed
in blood so if you don't know what one
of these things is that's where the
local cops say hey this person's a
threat we need to take their guns they
get a court order and they temporarily
cease them okay this makes sense the
idea is sound okay the execution isn't
the idea is sound that's the reason I'm
going to talk to talk about it because
it is a good idea in theory but the way
it's being executed makes it a bad idea
and it doesn't take much to fix it so
the way it's currently happening is cops
say this person is a threat they've made
these Facebook posts we think they're
going to be a mass shooter they go to a
judge they get a rubber stamp and then
they go take his guns okay it doesn't
matter how you feel about guns as the
law currently stands in the United
States it's an individual right it's
supposed to be an inalienable right for
them to be able to take it even
temporarily without due process is scary
that that's not a good thing okay now
let's go to the tactical implement
implementation of it how it's happening
in this case where the guy got killed
cops showed up at 5:00 a.m.
hmm man that sounds familiar sneaking up
on your opposition early in the morning
when they're disoriented not thinking
clearly yeah it's good tactic in combat
when the idea is to sneak in and kill
them if you're willing to have a civil
conversation and I give these cops
credit the two that showed up from what
I understand they just knocked on the
door they didn't kick it in but you
won't have a civil conversation perhaps
that's not the best time this is
something that's happened a lot lately
the cops are mimicking military tactics
and they don't understand why they're
used that tactic is used in the military
because people are disoriented they're
not thinking clearly it give it gives
you an edge when you go in to kill them
now if
if you want to have a civil conversation
especially with somebody who you believe
is predisposed to violence do you really
want to have it when they're not
thinking clearly and they're disoriented
perhaps a little agitated because you
drug them out of bed at 5:00 a.m. that
make a lot of sense this is happening a
lot and it needs to stop that you know
cops are picking up these tactics and
then they're using them in a police
setting when they're not designed to be
as and they're getting these toys from
DoD they get the toy and they don't get
the training it's why you got babies
getting maimed by concussion grenades
happened in Georgia you know they don't
know how to use it they get the toy they
don't get the training now personally I
don't think they should have either but
that's a subject for another video so
that's one way you know that it gets
implemented it gets executed the cops go
in and they knock on the door that's
great in some cases they kick the door
in
now put yourself in the shoes of the guy
who's getting his guns taken you've
committed no crime you have no
reasonable expectation for the police to
be kicking in your door who do you think
it is you don't think oh it's the cops
you think it's an intruder how do you
respond it's gonna lead to more dead
bodies okay so legal execution not good
tactical execution not good what if
there was a way to fix it by just doing
it one thing so instead of going to this
guy's house in the early morning why not
I mean if you know that he's a prepped
and you're certain enough of this to
want to deprive him of it alline belite
s-- you've got to know something about
him you should know where he works at
least why not pull him over on the way
home when he doesn't have an arsenal of
weapons at his disposal maybe he has one
on him but that's it you're mitigating
their that risk more importantly you can
cuff him take him straight from there to
his hearing and give him due process and
you're not giving up that element of
surprise see that's the reason
didn't want to do the they wanted to get
the guns before the hearing because
they're worried about kind of tipping
their hand and if the guy was gonna
commit a mass shooting you know okay
well you're gonna have your hearing next
week and we'll take your guns then so he
does it before the hearing this way you
don't lose that so you can pick them up
on their way home take them straight to
their hearing because at that hearing
you may find out those Facebook posts
that this whole thing is based on it's
not even his profile it's somebody else
making them you find out he lost his
phone and somebody at one of his friends
is playing a joke on him and making the
post for him you could find out that the
person who set all of this well they owe
them 200 bucks and they don't want to
pay it that due process is important so
you've got a good idea guys
you know if you're in the gun control
crowd you need to be on the horn with
your representative to fix this
immediately because the more bodies that
the pile up and there will be more
eventually this law these laws are just
gonna get thrown out now if you're in
the pro-gun side if due process is there
what's the problem seriously you don't
really want some loon out there run it
around saying he's gonna kill people
well he's got his weapons at home do you
make you look bad
you want to find a way to make this law
work because the less of these shooters
there are the better off you're going to
be this is one of those things that
everybody should be working for and it
should be pretty easy to make it happen
it's it's a good idea the execution is
bad and the execution can be fixed very
easily so anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night